{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16180\viewh11220\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone \
Link to Github repository: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.coecis.cornell.edu/hp286/2950-final-project"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://github.coecis.cornell.edu/hp286/2950-final-project}}\
\
1) Apple Music/Spotify: Apple Music and Spotify both provide APIs. I love music and constantly have music on wherever I am or whatever I\'92m doing, so exploring all the information available through Apple Music or Spotify could be interesting in finding relationships between genre, number of plays (for songs/artists/genres), and word frequency in songs of different artists, genres, and time periods. I\'92ve also always been interested in comparing the ranking of songs released by certain artists because I am certain that certain songs/albums rank highly on charts for weeks despite being unremarkable. I think there are a lot of interesting relationships that could be revealed. \
	- Apple: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.apple.com/documentation/applemusicapi"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://developer.apple.com/documentation/applemusicapi}}\
	- Spotify: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://developer.spotify.com/documentation/web-api/}}\cf2 \ul \
	\cf3 \ulnone - Last fm:\cf2  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://millionsongdataset.com/lastfm/"}}{\fldrslt \ul http://millionsongdataset.com/lastfm/}}\ul \
	\cf3 \ulnone - Lyrics: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://genius.com/Taylor-swift-i-knew-you-were-trouble-lyrics"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://genius.com/Taylor-swift-i-knew-you-were-trouble-lyrics}}\cf2 \ul \
\cf3 \ulnone \
2) Cosmetics (Sephora): I have been very interested in cosmetics for years and I think Sephora offers a ton of information that could be fun an interesting to explore. Some projects have already been created, one woman made a dataset of all reviews mentioning crying, and it is not only amusing but interesting to see the similar tone across these reviews. I think it could be interesting to see how brands, ingredients, prices, ratings, and products all relate. I have also been frustrated with Sephora\'92s lack of content on cruelty free/vegan products and I have two websites (below) that I refer to frequently when shopping. I think compiling this information could lead to some interesting conclusions that would be truly enjoyable to explore. \
	- Sephora: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sephora.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.sephora.com/}}\
	- Reviews that mention crying: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mashable.com/article/sephora-crying-reviews-data-set/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://mashable.com/article/sephora-crying-reviews-data-set/}}\cf2 \ul \
	\cf3 \ulnone - Sephora matching: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://towardsdatascience.com/for-your-skin-beauty-mapping-cosmetic-items-with-bokeh-af7523ca68e5"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://towardsdatascience.com/for-your-skin-beauty-mapping-cosmetic-items-with-bokeh-af7523ca68e5}}\cf2 \ul \
	
\f1\i \cf3 \ulnone -
\f0\i0  Cruelty Free products: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.crueltyfreekitty.com/list-of-cruelty-free-brands/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.crueltyfreekitty.com/list-of-cruelty-free-brands/}}\cf2 \ul \
	\cf3 \ulnone - More cruelty free/vegan products: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ethicalelephant.com/cruelty-free-brand-list/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://ethicalelephant.com/cruelty-free-brand-list/}}\cf2 \ul \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulc3 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone 3) Movie Database: I love classic movies (1930-1960s) and would be particularly interested in looking at the popularity of movies made in this time period. I think it could be interesting to explore how genres, stars, and popularity ratings evolve throughout the Golden Age of Hollywood and apply a similar analysis to more contemporary films and stars. \
	- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.omdbapi.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://www.omdbapi.com/}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone 	-\cf2 \ul  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.themoviedb.org/?language=en-US"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ulc2 https://www.themoviedb.org/?language=en-US}}\
\cf3 \ulnone 	- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.imdb.com/list/ls058011111/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://www.imdb.com/list/ls058011111/}}\
	- {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://rapidapi.com/rapidapi/api/movie-database-imdb-alternative"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul https://rapidapi.com/rapidapi/api/movie-database-imdb-alternative}}\ul \ulc3 \
\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\ri-2965\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \ulnone 4) Giphy: It could also be interesting to explore trending/popular gifs in this tumultuous time. I would be interested to see the hashtags that are trending, the tags associated wtih trending gifs, popularity of movies and actors featured, and number of views. I think it could reveal some interesting attitudes in today\'92s pandemic. \
	- Giphy: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://giphy.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://giphy.com/}}\
	- Reddit: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.reddit.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://www.reddit.com/}}\
}